# TAS

Project redhead: Total Resilience for The Machine.

This is a system for creating applications built using the Stencils for TxHPC framweworks, for shared access to Gen-Z-style byte addressable shared memory across nodes (as in The Machine).
See: http://http://genzconsortium.org/

    [HPE copyright notice]

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

    As an exception, the copyright holders of this Library grant you permission to (i) compile an Application with the Library, and
    (ii) distribute the Application containing code generated by the Library and    
    added to the Application during this compilation process under terms of your choice, provided you also meet the terms and conditions of the Application license.

To use this code run the following commands. :high_brightness:

```bash
cd bin
cmake ../.
make
./run_applications %APPLICATION_TYPE %ITERATION_SIZE %OPTIONAL_GRIDSIZE

#To plot the graph (Activate X11, gnuplot must be installed (I use VM45))
gnuplot Script_%APPLICATION_Name --persist
```

APPLICATION_TYPE:
* jf = Jacobi Iteration
* gf = GameOfLife
* gf_computation = GameOfLife With More Computation
* sm = SparseMatrix
* ac = AccessTimes
* jf_scale = Jacobi Iteration Scaling Up to 1TB

%ITERATION_SIZE
* 1
* 100
* 1000 (Everything above will take too much time.)

%OPTIONAL_GRIDSIZE
Use this parameter if application jf_scale was chosen to set the gridsize: (Use the right numbers)
* 1GB = 11 180
* 10GB = 35356
* 100GB = 111 804
* 250GB = 176776
* 500GB = 250 000
* 1000TB = 353 553

__Onkar will deliver here:__
*   /include
     * -r6_utils.h 
*   /benchmarks 
     * -access.h 
     * -timeForEachStep.h
     * -overheadOfReconstructAFile.h
*   /tests
     * /unit_test
       * -memory_availability.h
       * -SoC_tests.h
       * -hello_world.h
*   /docs
     * /RAID_6
       * -technicalPaper.pdf //Transactional HPC
       * -overallPaper.pdf //Paper that summerizes everything
       * -poster_onkar.pdf
*   /literature
     * -screaming_fast_galois_field_codes.pdf //Paper: which libpmem functions should be used

__Mesut will deliver here:__
*   /include
    * /fasd
    * /physis_api.h
    * /portable_pointer
*   /benchmarks 
    * -diffusion.h
    * -fibonacci.h
    * -wave.h
    * -access.h
    * -crash_recover.h 
    * -wipe_memory.h
*   /example
    * -helloWorld.h
    * -diffusion.h
*   /docs
    * /stencils
      * -60 page - thesis
      * -15 pages paper
*   /literature
    * -physis
    * -GVR


    iajsdpfojasdpiofjpioasdjpfiodasjoifjaposdjspodf
